
# VnfExtCpConfig

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cpInstanceId** | **String** | Identifier of the external CP instance to which this set of configuration parameters is requested to be applied. Shall be present if this instance has already been created.  |  [optional]
**linkPortId** | **String** | Identifier of a pre-configured link port to which the external CP will be associated. The following conditions apply to the attributes \&quot;linkPortId\&quot; and \&quot;cpProtocolData\&quot;: * The \&quot;linkPortId\&quot; and \&quot;cpProtocolData\&quot; attributes shall both be   absent for the deletion of an existing external CP instance   addressed by cpInstanceId. * At least one of these attributes shall be present for a   to-be-created external CP instance or an existing external   CP instance. * If the \&quot;linkPortId\&quot; attribute is absent, the VNFM shall create a   link port. * If the \&quot;cpProtocolData\&quot; attribute is absent, the \&quot;linkPortId\&quot;   attribute shall be provided referencing a pre-created link port,   and the VNFM can use means outside the scope of the present   document to obtain the pre-configured address information for the   connection point from the resource representing the link port. * If both \&quot;cpProtocolData\&quot; and \&quot;linkportId\&quot; are provided, the API   consumer shall ensure that the cpProtocolData can be used with the   pre-created link port referenced by \&quot;linkPortId\&quot;.  |  [optional]
**cpProtocolData** | [**List&lt;CpProtocolData&gt;**](CpProtocolData.md) | Parameters for configuring the network protocols on the link port that connects the CP to a VL. The following conditions apply to the attributes \&quot;linkPortId\&quot; and \&quot;cpProtocolData\&quot;: * The \&quot;linkPortId\&quot; and \&quot;cpProtocolData\&quot; attributes shall both be   absent for the deletion of an existing external CP instance   addressed by cpInstanceId. * At least one of these attributes shall be present for a   to-be-created external CP instance or an existing external   CP instance. * If the \&quot;linkPortId\&quot; attribute is absent, the VNFM shall create a   link port. * If the \&quot;cpProtocolData\&quot; attribute is absent, the \&quot;linkPortId\&quot;   attribute shall be provided referencing a pre-created link port,   and the VNFM can use means outside the scope of the present   document to obtain the pre-configured address information for the   connection point from the resource representing the link port. * If both \&quot;cpProtocolData\&quot; and \&quot;linkportId\&quot; are provided, the API   consumer shall ensure that the cpProtocolData can be used with the   pre-created link port referenced by \&quot;linkPortId\&quot;.  |  [optional]



